# Crash Courses playlist

## Front-End

HTML Tutorials For Beginners
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9ibZ2TSBaGGNrgh4ZgYE6Cc

CSS Tutorials For Beginners
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9gQeDH6xYhmO-db2mhoTSrT

HTML & CSS Crash Course
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9ivBf_eKCPIAYXWzLlPAm6G

PSD to HTML & CSS Series 1 (unresponsive)
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9jjVlRiZnRnAGFSCK3Lu_i-

PSD to Responsive Website Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9j-0YIv3EDq58-B1yZWvw8_

Mobile-First Responsive Build
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9hH1tAjyUPZPjbj-7s200a4

CSS Tips & Tricks
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9htzG9o-QzCTsGMbmfuF4kk

Curso de Lógica de Programação
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLucm8g_ezqNpYL-z-lutCuBplhx9aqkdd

JavaScript Tutorial For Beginners
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9i9Ae2D9Ee1RvylH38dKuET

JavaScript DOM Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9gfoKa5la9dsdCNpuey2s-V

Modern JavaScript Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9haFPT7J25Q9GRB_ZkFrQAc

Git & GitHub Tutorial for Beginners
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9goXbgTDQ0n_4TBzOO0ocPR

CSS Variables Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9ii5PB2UMyYH7QFZWfGnVgZ

Bootstrap 4 Tutorials
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9jE_cGvLLC60C_PeF_24pvv

Vue JS 2
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9gQcYgjhBoeQH7wiAyZNrYa

React
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9i0_2FF-WhtRIfIJ1lXlTZR

Angular 2 Tutorials
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9jqhk5RvBiEwHMKSUXPyng0


## Backend

Node JS Tutorial for Beginners
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9gcy9lrvMJ75z9maRw4byYp

Node.js Crash Course Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9jsz4LDYc6kv3ymONOKxwBU

Deno (Isto é novo vale a pena da uma conferida)
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9gnaJdxuGvEGYQ9iHb8mxsh

PHP Tutorial for Beginners
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9gksOX3Kd9KPo-O68ncT05o

Curso de Programação com C#
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLucm8g_ezqNoMPIGWbRJXemJKyoUpTjA1

Laravel 6 Tutorial for Beginners
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9hL6aCFKyagrT1RCfVN4w2Q

ASP.NET Core MVC Tutorial for beginners
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLaFzfwmPR7_LTXu0Vz9Zz_Y0OMMC7ArHZ

.NET Core 3.0 fundamentals
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLaFzfwmPR7_LbzROMMDFsoo0JA-emIvKc


## Banco de Dados

Curso de Modelagem de Dados
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLucm8g_ezqNoNHU8tjVeHmRGBFnjDIlxD

Bancos de Dados 
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLucm8g_ezqNqUI4Rn5pJbJDYTrd4hW4Z0

Curso de MySQL 
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLucm8g_ezqNrWAQH2B_0AnrFY5dJcgOLR

PostgreSQL 
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLucm8g_ezqNoAkYKXN_zWupyH6hQCAwxY

Curso de SQL com SQL Server (T-SQL) 
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLucm8g_ezqNqI5cW3alteV5olcMCcHYRK

MongoDB Tutorial for Beginners
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9jpvoYriLI0bY8DOgWZfi6u


## Mobile

Flutter Tutorial for Beginners
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9jLYyp2Aoh6hcWuxFDX6PBJ



## Canais do Youtube para se inscrever

The Net Ninja
https://www.youtube.com/c/TheNetNinja/videos

Bóson Treinamentos
https://www.youtube.com/c/bosontreinamentos/videos

WebGentle
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2Us1KkV7BMm5Rp6tV6tTxg/videos

Academind
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSJbGtTlrDami-tDGPUV9-w/videos

Rodrigo Branas
https://www.youtube.com/user/rodrigobranas/videos

Traversy Media
https://www.youtube.com/user/TechGuyWeb/videos
